문서명: 학력 인증 ECA 기준
국가: CAN
비자 코드: CA_EE
출처 URL: https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/express-entry/documents/education-assessment.html
검증일: 2026-07-24

---

Educational credential assessment (ECA)

An Educational credential assessment (ECA) is used to verify that your foreign degree, diploma, or certificate is valid and equal to a Canadian one. You must include your ECA report and the reference number in your Express Entry profile.

Your ECA report may help when you're looking for a job, but it doesn't guarantee that you'll get a job in your field, or a license to practice in a regulated profession. If you plan to work in a regulated job, you must get your license in the province or territory that you plan to settle in.

Who needs an ECA

If you completed your education outside Canada, you need an ECA to be eligible as the principal applicant for the Federal Skilled Workers Program (Express Entry), or to earn points for education you got outside Canada. You can also earn points for your spouse or common-law partner's education, if they are coming with you to Canada.

You don't need an assessment for a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate.

To earn points, your report must show that your completed foreign credential (degree, diploma or certificate) is equal to a completed Canadian secondary school (high school) or post-secondary credential.

How long your ECA is valid for

Your ECA must be less than 5 years old when you complete your Express Entry profile and submit your application.

Which credentials to get assessed

In most cases, you only need an assessment for your highest level of education. For example, if you have a Master's degree, you only need an assessment for that degree, not for your Bachelor's degree.

Who can do your assessment

You must get your assessment from an organization or a professional body designated by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC). They will give you a report that tells you what your education is equal to in Canada. Processing times and costs vary by organization or professional body.

If your primary occupation is as an architect, doctor or pharmacist, you must use a designated professional body based on your occupation (for example, architects under NOC 21200, family physicians under NOC 31100/31101/31102, pharmacists under NOC 31120).

How many points you'll get

The ECA report result maps to a specific points value under both the Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) and the Federal Skilled Worker Program selection factor points — the exact number of points depends on the equivalent Canadian education level shown in your report (for example, equal to a Canadian Master's degree vs. equal to a two-or-more-year post-secondary program).
