문서명: Federal Skilled Worker Program 자격요건
국가: CAN
비자 코드: CA_EE
출처 URL: https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/express-entry/who-can-apply/federal-skilled-workers.html
검증일: 2026-07-24

---

Federal Skilled Worker Program

The Federal Skilled Worker Program is for skilled workers who have foreign work experience and want to become permanent residents.

Skilled workers

We choose skilled workers based on education, work experience, language skills, and other criteria. They include managers and supervisors, and people in jobs that usually need a university degree, a college diploma, or apprenticeship training.

Minimum requirements — Skilled work experience

First, find out the National Occupational Classification (NOC) for your job. Then check if it meets the requirements for skilled work experience.

Your skilled work experience must:
be in 1 of these TEER categories: 0, 1, 2, or 3 (TEER stands for training, education, experience and responsibilities)
have the same NOC as the job you want to use for your immigration application (your primary occupation, which may not be your most recent work experience)
show that you performed the actions in the lead statement of the NOC job description, and most of the main duties listed
have been obtained within the last 10 years, in Canada or abroad
be paid work (volunteer work or unpaid internships don't count)
be at least 1 year of continuous work or 1,560 hours total (30 hours per week)

Your skilled work experience must meet all the above requirements to be eligible.

Language ability

You must take approved language tests in English or French and meet the minimum score in all 4 abilities: writing, reading, listening, speaking.

Education

If you went to school in Canada, you must have a certificate, diploma or degree from a Canadian secondary or post-secondary institution.

If you have foreign education, you must have a completed educational credential and an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA) for immigration purposes.

Selection factors

If you meet all the minimum requirements, we'll use selection factor points to assess your eligibility, out of 100 total:
Language skills (maximum 28 points)
Education (maximum 25 points)
Skilled work experience (maximum 15 points)
Age (maximum 12 points)
Arranged employment in Canada (maximum 10 points)
Adaptability (maximum 10 points)

If you score 67 points or higher, you may qualify for the Federal Skilled Worker Program and can submit a profile to the Express Entry pool. If you score lower than 67 points, you won't qualify for the program. These points are different from the points used to rank your profile in the Express Entry pool (the CRS score).

Proof of funds

You must show that you have enough money for you and your family to settle in Canada. You don't need proof of funds if you're currently able to legally work in Canada and have a valid job offer from an employer in Canada.

Admissibility

You must be admissible to Canada. Some people aren't allowed to come to Canada for reasons such as security, criminal or medical grounds.

Where you can live in Canada

You must plan to live outside the province of Quebec, since Quebec selects its own skilled workers. You can count work experience gained while living in Quebec, as long as you can prove you don't plan to settle there. If you're a Provincial Nominee, you must settle in the province or territory that nominated you.
