문서명: Skilled Worker Visa 전체 안내
국가: GBR
비자 코드: UK_SWV
출처 URL: https://www.gov.uk/skilled-worker-visa
검증일: 2026-07-19

---

Skilled Worker visa: Overview

A Skilled Worker visa allows you to come to or stay in the UK to do an eligible job with an approved employer.

This visa has replaced the Tier 2 (General) work visa. It also allows you to work in UK waters.

Eligibility — Your job

To qualify for a Skilled Worker visa, you must:
work for a UK employer that's been approved by the Home Office
have a 'certificate of sponsorship' (CoS) from your employer with information about the role you've been offered in the UK
do a job that's on the list of eligible occupations
be paid a minimum salary - how much depends on the type of work you do and the date you got your CoS

The specific eligibility depends on your job. You must have a confirmed job offer before you apply for your visa.

Knowledge of English

You must be able to speak, read, write and understand English. You'll usually need to prove your knowledge of English when you apply.

How long you can stay

Your visa can last for up to 5 years before you need to extend it. You'll need to apply to extend or update your visa when it expires or if you change jobs or employer.

You can apply to extend your visa as many times as you like as long as you still meet the eligibility requirements. After 5 years, you may be able to apply to settle permanently in the UK (also known as 'indefinite leave to remain').

How to apply

You must apply online. How you apply depends on whether you're outside the UK and coming to the UK, inside the UK and extending your current visa, or inside the UK and switching from a different visa. If you want to change your job or employer, you must apply to update your visa.

Your partner and children may be able to apply to join you or stay in the UK as your 'dependants'.

How long it takes

You can apply for a visa up to 3 months before the day you are due to start work in the UK. This date is listed on your certificate of sponsorship.

Getting a decision: Once you've applied online, proved your identity and provided your documents, you'll usually get a decision on your visa within 3 weeks (outside the UK) or 8 weeks (inside the UK). You may be able to pay to get a faster decision.

How much it costs

You, your partner or children will each need to:
pay the application fee
pay the healthcare surcharge for each year of your stay
prove you have enough personal savings

If you work in public sector healthcare: If you're a doctor or nurse, or you work in health or adult social care, check if you're eligible to apply for the Health and Care Worker visa instead. It's cheaper to apply for and you do not need to pay the annual immigration health surcharge.

What you can and cannot do

With a Skilled Worker visa you can:
work in an eligible job
study
bring your partner and children with you as your 'dependants', if you meet the eligibility requirements
take on additional work in certain circumstances
travel abroad and return to the UK
apply to settle permanently in the UK if you've lived in the UK for 5 years and meet the other eligibility requirements
do voluntary work (must be unpaid and for a registered charity, voluntary organisation, associated fundraising body, or a statutory body)

You cannot:
apply for most benefits (public funds), or the State Pension
change jobs or employer unless you apply to update your visa
