문서명: Skilled Worker 영어 능력 증명
국가: GBR
비자 코드: UK_SKILLED_WORKER
출처 URL: https://www.gov.uk/skilled-worker-visa/knowledge-of-english
검증일: 2026-07-21

---

You'll usually need to prove your knowledge of the English language when you apply. You can prove it in one of the following ways: having a UK school qualification, having a degree from a UK institution, having a degree from an institution outside the UK that was taught in English, or passing an English test from an approved provider. If you have already proved your knowledge of English in a previous successful visa application, you may not have to prove it again.

If you have a UK school qualification, you must have one of: a GCSE, an A Level, Scottish National Qualification level 4 or 5, or Scottish Higher or Advanced Higher in English (started when you were under 18).

If you have a degree from a UK institution, you can prove your knowledge of English if you have a degree-level qualification that was both taught in English and awarded by a UK institution, even if you studied outside the UK.

If you have a degree from an institution outside the UK that was taught in English but not awarded by a UK institution, you'll need to apply for an assessment from Ecctis, who will give you a code confirming your qualification is equivalent to a UK bachelor's degree or higher and was taught in English.

If you do not have any qualifications that prove your knowledge of English, you will need to pass a Secure English Language Test (SELT) with an approved provider. You must prove you can read, write, speak and understand English to at least level B2 on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) scale.

If you're extending, updating or switching your visa: if you had this visa before 8 January 2026 and are extending or updating it, you need level B1 English and do not need to prove it again. If switching from a Health and Care Worker visa, you also do not need to provide proof again. If switching from a different visa, you need level B2.

Who does not need to prove their knowledge of English: nationals of Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, British overseas territories, Canada, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Malta, New Zealand, St Kitts and Nevis, St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, and the USA. Also, doctors, dentists, nurses, midwives or vets who have already passed an English Language assessment accepted by the relevant regulated professional body do not need to prove it again.
